c:\users\nadikinperera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\SeleniumPOC3MSTest.dll
c:\users\nadikinperera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\SeleniumPOC3MSTest.pdb
c:\users\nadikinperera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
c:\users\nadikinperera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
c:\users\nadikinperera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\nadikinperera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\nadikinperera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.pdb
c:\users\nadikinperera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
c:\users\nadikinperera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.pdb
c:\users\nadikinperera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
c:\users\nadikinperera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.pdb
c:\users\nadikinperera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\nadikinperera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.pdb
c:\users\nadikinperera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\nadikinperera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\obj\Debug\SeleniumPOC3MSTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nadikinperera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\obj\Debug\SeleniumPOC3MSTest.dll
c:\users\nadikinperera\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\obj\Debug\SeleniumPOC3MSTest.pdb
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GitTest2\Code\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\SeleniumPOC3MSTest.dll
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GitTest2\Code\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\SeleniumPOC3MSTest.pdb
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GitTest2\Code\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.pdb
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GitTest2\Code\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GitTest2\Code\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.pdb
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GitTest2\Code\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GitTest2\Code\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.pdb
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GitTest2\Code\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GitTest2\Code\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.pdb
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GitTest2\Code\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GitTest2\Code\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\obj\Debug\SeleniumPOC3MSTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GitTest2\Code\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\obj\Debug\SeleniumPOC3MSTest.dll
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\GitTest2\Code\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\obj\Debug\SeleniumPOC3MSTest.pdb
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Source\Repos\Seleniumtest\GitTest3\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\SeleniumPOC3MSTest.dll
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Source\Repos\Seleniumtest\GitTest3\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\SeleniumPOC3MSTest.pdb
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Source\Repos\Seleniumtest\GitTest3\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Source\Repos\Seleniumtest\GitTest3\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.dll
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Source\Repos\Seleniumtest\GitTest3\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.dll
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Source\Repos\Seleniumtest\GitTest3\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Source\Repos\Seleniumtest\GitTest3\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Source\Repos\Seleniumtest\GitTest3\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.pdb
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Source\Repos\Seleniumtest\GitTest3\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\Selenium.WebDriverBackedSelenium.xml
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Source\Repos\Seleniumtest\GitTest3\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.pdb
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Source\Repos\Seleniumtest\GitTest3\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\ThoughtWorks.Selenium.Core.xml
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Source\Repos\Seleniumtest\GitTest3\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.pdb
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Source\Repos\Seleniumtest\GitTest3\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Source\Repos\Seleniumtest\GitTest3\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.pdb
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Source\Repos\Seleniumtest\GitTest3\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Source\Repos\Seleniumtest\GitTest3\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.xml
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Source\Repos\Seleniumtest\GitTest3\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\obj\Debug\SeleniumPOC3MSTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Source\Repos\Seleniumtest\GitTest3\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\obj\Debug\SeleniumPOC3MSTest.dll
C:\Users\NadikiNPerera\Source\Repos\Seleniumtest\GitTest3\SeleniumPOC3MSTest\obj\Debug\SeleniumPOC3MSTest.pdb
